and having sees how you doing it's
entered the edge in all its glory
we've got Larry Mullen jr. we've got you
know every sort of saved when I saw you
guys I'm coming in ice breaking a lamp
up in Boston in April I got to see you
in theater and then suddenly you guys
come in and it was a whole vanilla and
then now they said to me hey you know
what you guys knew you're coming in
September we drop in and say hi you guys
kept your word thank you very much for
keeping Network but when he had sand in
your back was
I know where you're born I didn't know
what's going on I mean I was born others
let it go soon fine I wasn't tough huh
yeah okay bye I didn't go to use a low
tonight I just want them to talk to the
youtubes night number two tonight at the
Rogers Center to hit the stage around
8:30 and you playing selections from
everything there's one record which
October 27th will celebrate its 25th
anniversary that is unforgettable fires
thoughts and retrospective
successive dependency middle of
producing war out so there's an
impression trust knots it's working
behind but we stuck funds because we
understood that learning about music
about arts about the important role
and so it's a huge this it's about
change for the better on behalf of
everyone on this continent this planet
thank you for everything
it's only a starting point we're just
getting going let's turn for you too
you